docs: improved supported workflow systems (#111)
reanahub/docs.reana.io: docs/running-workflows/supported-systems/serial/index.md

# Serial

> The Serial workflow system is using the sequence workflow pattern where each

Reviewer: To better illustrate Serial workflows, what do you think about including a simple DAG, mentioning inputs/outputs?

Something along this line:

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
  [*] --> step_1: inputs
  step_1 --> step_2: step_1 outputs
  step_2 --> step_3: step_2 outputs
  step_3 --> [*]: final result
```

Let me know, peharps is overkill.

Author: I'm not sure, in one hand we have some attempts to illustrate Serial workflow in the [docs](https://docs.reana.io/running-workflows/what-is-workflow/), but it does not look great IMO. So it would be nice to dedicate more effort into producing nice workflow visualizations similar to the one in your example to all workflow systems, perhaps could be done in a separate issue/PR?

Reviewer: OK, perhaps it's enough to keep this info in the ["What is a workflow?"](https://docs.reana.io/running-workflows/what-is-workflow/) page. I had missed that.

computational step can run in a different containerised environment and the

> outputs of previous steps are passed along as inputs to later step. The next

Reviewer: > outputs of previous steps are passed along as inputs to later step.

Perhaps we should use "later step**s**", in the same way we use the plural to relate to "previous steps", WDYT?

> step is always dependent on the previous step having already been completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step always depends on the previous step having already been completed.
```

Maybe a bit clearer? Not 100% sure though.
